There. 
history of English literature, 
but there is no doubt about which writer was the greatest.
Many people consider William Shakespeare to have been the best writer 
who ever lived.William Shakespeare was born in the town of Stratford, England, in the 
year 1564. When he was a young man, Shakespeare moved to the city of London, wherehe began writing plays. 
His plays were soon very successful,and were enjoyed both by the common people of London and also by the rich 
and famous. In addition to his plays, Shakespeare wrote many short poems and a few longer poems. Like his plays,these 
poems are still famous today.Shakespeare’s most famous plays include Romeo and Juliet, Macbeth, Hamlet, King Lear, Othello, 
and Julius Caesar. Usually, Shakespeare did not invent the stories that he told in his plays. Instead, he wrotehis plays using stories 
that already existed. However, Shakespeare’s plays told these stories in a more interesting way than ever before.Some of the stories were tragedies, 
some were comedies, and some described historical events.In his plays, Shakespeare revealed a very wide knowledge of many areas of life. The characters in his plays 
discuss many different topics, often with the knowledge of experts. But what is even more impressive about these plays is Shakespeare’s use of the English language. His vocabulary was
very large, and Shakespeare seems to have introduced many words to the language! Also, many of the phrases that are said by Shakespeare’s characters are now usedin everyday conversation. Today,
writers often use quotations from Shakespeare’splays in their own works.But perhaps even the most impressive features of Shakespeare’s plays are the characters within them. The many characters in his plays seem very different from 
each other, but they seem very realistic. The emotions they feel, the words they say, and the actions they perform are all easily understood. Many people who watch one of Shakespeare’s plays will find that they know people who remind them somewhat of the characters in those plays.